Let's Sell in Inagawa!

Manage Inagawa Yuu and see how many doujins you can sell in a year and how big you can become.

This is a game that challenges you.

How to Play

There are two main turns in this game: "weekday turns" and "sale turns".
There are 12 "weekdays" during which you write your manuscript.
There are three "selling rounds" during which you will appear at Comiket and sell doujins.
Repeat this four times.

Applications are submitted between the "weekday" and "sale event".
We will create a book with the current page count and specifications.
Set the print run and distribution price.
The lower the distribution price, the easier it will be to sell.

Events occur when you use cards.
First, five cards are dealt. At the start of your turn, draw one card and combine it with the cards in your hand.
Out of six cards, you play one, which will be your action for this turn.

After selecting a card, press "START" to display its status.
The status consists of "Basic Parameters" and "Book Parameters".

When selecting a card, press "SELECT" to display the menu.

Card Types

The card types are as follows:

・Manuscript Card
Used during the weekday shift.
You can take as many manuscripts as are written on the card.
You can only discard during your trading turnover.
Even discarding the card will take one turn.

・Character Card
It will be used during both weekday sales and sales.
You can meet the character depicted on the card.

・Sales Event Card
Used during a sale.
You can then perform the action written on the card.
On weekdays, you can only discard.
Even discarding the card will take one turn.

・Pandemonium Card
Used during the weekday shift.
The completed manuscript will be duplicated.
If the manuscript has zero pages, it is meaningless.
You can only discard during your trading turnover.
Even discarding the card will take one turn.

・Yoshi Card
It will be used during both Weekday Sales and Sales.
The effect is random.

・Shuffle the Cards
It will be used during both Weekday Sales and Sales.
Replace all your cards.

Status

Number of Pages
The more pages you have, the more expensive it will be to print, but the easier it will be to sell.
The maximum number of pages is 98.

Cover
The type of cover.
There are single-color, multi-color, and full-color options, and the more colors you use, the higher the cost to print.
It will be easier to sell.

Classify
This is your current rank. It is determined by the total number of doujinshi you have sold.
The higher the rank, the easier it is to sell.

Cash in Hand
Even if you end up in the red, you can still play the game. (You can pay at Inobo Ryokan)

Genre
This is a doujinshi genre.
If it's the same as your favorite genre, it will be easier to sell.
The genre at the beginning is "girly game".

・Doujinshi I own
This is the number of doujinshi I bought at a sale.

Reservation options
This is an option added to the doujinshi.
The more options you add, the higher the printing costs will be, but the easier it will be to sell.
