This game is very similar to Sujin Taisen (Mitchell 2007).

How to Play
This is a game where you match cards with numbers on them on the board to earn points and hinder your opponent.
Match cards carefully to get a high score.
If you reach the target value before your opponent, you win.

There are two types of cards: colored and rainbow.
The first card can be placed anywhere.
Starting from the second turn, colored cards can only be placed next to colored cards of the same color or rainbow cards.
Rainbow cards can be placed anywhere except next to a card of your opponent's color. (You can place it next to your opponent's colored card or next to your colored or rainbow card.)
If there are no empty spaces on the board to place a piece according to the above rules, you lose 50 points and can place the piece anywhere once.

Joints are made by joining the connecting parts of the cards together.
You can make connections between cards of the same color, between a colored card and a rainbow card, or between rainbow cards.

There are four types of joining:
Sequence number joining (10 pieces per piece).
Connect the numbers in order.

Equal number of joints (10 pieces per piece).
Connect the same numbers.

Circular joint (10 points per piece).
Regardless of the number, connect the joints in a circle.

Fully glued (20 pieces per sheet).
Regardless of the numbers, all joints are connected without any residue.

Up, Down, Left, Right buttons: Select the square where you want to place the card.
A button: Place the card.
B button: Rotate the card.
START button: Return to card selection.

The game has unique rules that are difficult to compare with other board games, but its advantage is that once you start playing, you quickly understand the rules.
I started playing this year and am currently playing "Extreme Chapter".

That's why I made a P/ECE version.
The unique features of this game are that you can see the computer's hand and that both players can be dealt the same cards.
If so, I am willing to accept defeat.

In this P/ECE version, the computer's thinking procedures are not very strong.
This is because the number of preliminary moves cannot be increased, lest the computer's thinking time become too long.
But I think I'd like to make it a little stronger.

Naoyuki Sawa
