A battle called the Great War of Gods and Demons took place.
It was a fierce battle between God and the Demon King.
The battle lasted a long time and claimed many lives.
However, the battle ended in vain.
Deeply wounded, the god and the demon king went into a long sleep to heal their wounds.
Since both sides had no leader, the battle reached a stalemate.
Hundreds of years have passed since then...

And now the demons have begun to act again.
The angel Kreis was the first to notice this, and to stop it, he used his piety. He sent his follower, Lin (the protagonist), to the demon realm.
Will Lin be able to stop the demon invasion?

How to Play
All attacks are performed using magic.
The only item you have at the beginning is the Magic Sword.
More spells can be acquired as you progress through the game.
Magic other than the Magic Sword consumes MP.
MP will gradually recover if you do not use magic.

There are many monsters in the dungeon.
If you touch a monster, you will take damage.
You can heal from your injuries with herbs or at the tavern.

When an enemy takes damage, they become invincible for a certain period of time.
During this time, attacks will not cause any damage.
Be especially careful in the early stages when your MP is low.
You will gain money by defeating enemies.

There is a locked door in the dungeon. You can buy a key from the shop.
To open the door, release the direction button after touching the door, and then enter the direction of the door again.
Some doors require special keys, and some cannot be opened with a key.

The game remembers information about defeated enemies on four screens (excluding bosses).
Even if all the enemies on a screen are killed, they will respawn if you pass through four other screens.

There are two types of ground: "floors" that cannot be slipped through, and "platforms" that can be slipped through.
This is a platform from which you can jump from below and slip to the top.
You can descend from the platform by pressing the "down" key.
Underwater, your movement speed is reduced, and you cannot use any magic except the Magic Sword.

Controls:
・Left/Right - Move.
・Up - Climb the stairs, enter the passage, read the stone tablet, press the switch, open the treasure chest.
・Down - Descend the stairs or scaffolding.
・A - Jump, confirm.
・B - Attack, cancel.
・Start: Open the menu.
・Select: Change the attack magic.

Magic:
・Magic Sword - This is the magic that has been with you since the beginning. A magic sword appears in front of Lin.
・Fire - This is a fire attack magic spell. It flies straight forward.
・Water - This is a water attack magic spell.
・Wind - This is a wind attack magic. If it hits a wall, it will bounce back. It will disappear if it hits an enemy or after a certain amount of time.

Some enemies are resistant to certain types of magic.
Also, frontal attacks will not work on enemies with shields.

Elements:
Items can be purchased at shops or found in treasure chests.
Except for recovery items and keys, simply having any item will have an effect.
・Medicinal Herbs - Restores a small amount of HP and MP.
・Potions - HP and MP will be fully restored.
・Small Key - You can open the door. It will disappear after use.
・Magic Card - You can see the card.
・Life Drop - Max HP will increase. Once obtained, it will be used immediately.
・Spirit Drop - MP limit will increase. Once obtained, it will be used immediately.
・Devil's Bracelet - Attack power increases. Once you obtain it, it will be considered equipped.
・Saint's Talisman - Defense increases. Once you obtain it, it will be considered equipped.
・Pendant - MP will no longer decrease during boss battles. It will be used automatically and will disappear after use. There is a different version for each stage.
・Fireball - You will no longer be affected by fire.
・Iceball - Ice will no longer affect you.
